The next day
Why, why, my dear husband,
you have become so cold.
I came here thinking that I should thank you.
I took him to the pond in the morning water
and threw him out of the Inase River.
At that time, I was saved by my husband's net.
He was so happy.
He immediately put on the chest of the crane
and took him to the pond.
He was so happy that he carried the crane
to the pond of the dead man.
He was so happy that he threw him out of the pond.
My husband, you are so cruel.
I am sorry.
No, you are not.
I don't know what you said,
but I wanted to thank you for saving my husband's body.
I thought that I was very impressed by the dead man
and I made a wish.
I put out a big gold and found it.
I don't know what you think,
but I think I am a man.
I see. You have a good mouth.
You sound like a man.
Shut up.
What do you mean by a good mouth?
You are my brother.
I made you my sister.
You should forget it.
What are you talking about?
I became a man and went to the pond
and took him to the pond.
I was so happy that I carried the crane
to the pond of the dead man.
I was so happy that I made you my sister.
I don't know what you did.
I am sorry.
I should have said that.
I shouldn't have said that.
How did you become so kind?
Why should I recommend you?
I understand that you are jealous.
I was asked to marry you.
Why don't you be quiet?
You are talking too much.
I am sorry.
Let's get up.
Or let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's work for five months.